---
title: "Thoughts After Switching From Windows 11 to Omarchy + Jailbreaking my Kindle"
date: 2026-03-09
draft: false
---

It is very late and I have been obsessing over Linux, Open Source, modding, hacking, privacy software, and literally everything in between. I don't even know why I started, to be honest, I just thought it might be a fun experiment to switch my Chromebook over to Linux. After all, the stakes are low insofar as the Chromebook was so inexpensive I wouldn't be losing much if I lost it.
	I downloaded a script from a certain Mr-Chromebox that allows you to install Linux on your chrome-OS devices and I decided to dual boot Linux, and to let it live inside an old flash drive. Big mistake. The boot time for Linux was so painfully slow and Linux itself was practically unusable. Not to mention I was running Linux Mint which, honestly, was underwhelming. This is the mythical Linux that was so hyped on the internet? This did not look like PewDiePie's set up at all. It just didn't feel worth it. But now that I knew the possibilities, I couldn't really go back to ChromeOS, that just wouldn't be right. From having ultimate customizability to being limited to browsing the internet and playing Candy Crush? Not gonna happen. Turns out, in order to wipe the disk off my Chromebook (the absolutely massive 64GB disk) I first needed to get a SuzyQ cable. There is literally only one seller on ebay that sells these. They are basically niche cables reserved for Google tech support that bypass ChromeOS's security protections. While tech support uses these for debugging and to bring back bricked chromebooks from the dead, you can also use them to wipe your drive and install Linux.
	So the speed problem is solved if we're just running locally, what about the OS itself? Do you really want to be stuck with Linux Mint? There's also a lot of options here. The first one which stood out to me was (don't hate me) Omarchy, it's basically an ArchLinux based distro with Hyprland window manager. Basically a pre-riced ArchLinux. For me, something already somewhat pre-configured was appealing because 1) the configurations are dope as fuck, 2) I thought it might ease the learning curve when diving into something like ArchLinux, and 3)I can actually learn coding (and I have Claude to help). So really... there's nothing to lose.
	There's also Ubuntu. I don't know much about it other than it is used for servers. It seems like a strong option. There's also regular ArchLinux which is appealing in its own way as well.
	I don't know if this has ever been articulated to me (it probably has) but switching to Linux feels like I'm beginning to understand computers. Before I'd be totally terrified of terminal commands, and for the most part they don't make much sense if you're not ON Linux. But now I feel like I'm getting a real sense of what's going on behind the scenes and its nice... 
	I haven't gotten a chance to install it on my Chromebook yet but I have installed it on my DESKTOP. I didn't just give it a partition either, I gave it THE WHOLE DRIVE. Fully sacrificed Windows 11. It was a "fuck it" type of decision but honestly, its been weirdly fun even where its been inconvenient. Keep in mind: we're in the big 2026, we literally have super-intelligent robots that can help with whatever. Going into the terminal to debug my Bluetooth settings, installing packages on the fly, and having Claude explain to me what was happening in real time was awesome, I had so much fun. 
	As far as the kindle goes, I'm very happy with how it turned out. It's a 2015 model with a whopping 6GB of storage. The YouTuber I got this idea from said Kindles were more like storefronts than book-readers, and he was on point. You can not read a single thing unless you "buy" it (you're really just licensing it until Amazon feels justified in taking it away from you.)
	Doing this changed everything though. Being able to read whatever you want just feels right. This is what little handheld readers should do, not just show you the Amazon-approved book list where  you can pay a small fee of $19.99 to access a title, but actually let you read whatever you want. I still need to test it for reading at night with the lights off but I imagine its nice. It solves inconvenient problems too such as my computer's PDF reader never remembering the page I left off on. But the main thing is just how freeing it feels. Reading books, free or not, on a computer screen never really felt right, never really felt the same as reading a handheld book. The kindle is miles better. It feels like I have access to the world's knowledge now, like any and every book is just waiting to be read. It's exciting to tell you the truth. 
